---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_authentication_session_policy Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The session policy for a specified authentication source.
---

# pingfederate_authentication_session_policy (Resource)

The session policy for a specified authentication source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_authentication_session_policy" "example" {
  id = "acc_test1"
  authentication_source = {
    type       = "IDP_ADAPTER"
    source_ref = pingfederate_idp_adapter.example.id
  }
  enable_sessions         = true
  persistent              = true
  idle_timeout_mins       = 300
  max_timeout_mins        = 300
  timeout_display_unit    = "HOURS"
  authn_context_sensitive = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_source` (Attributes) The authentication source this session policy applies to. This property cannot be changed after the policy is created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_source))
- `enable_sessions` (Boolean) Determines whether sessions are enabled for the authentication source. This value overrides the enableSessions value from the global authentication session policy.

### Optional

- `authn_context_sensitive` (Boolean) Determines whether the requested authentication context is considered when deciding whether an existing session is valid for a given request. The default is false.
- `id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the session policy. It can be any combination of [a-z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
- `idle_timeout_mins` (Number) The idle timeout period, in minutes. If omitted, the value from the global authentication session policy will be used. If set to -1, the idle timeout will be set to the maximum timeout. If a value is provided for this property, a value must also be provided for maxTimeoutMins.
- `max_timeout_mins` (Number) The maximum timeout period, in minutes. If omitted, the value from the global authentication session policy will be used. If set to -1, sessions do not expire. If a value is provided for this property, a value must also be provided for idleTimeoutMins.
- `persistent` (Boolean) Determines whether sessions for the authentication source are persistent. This value overrides the persistentSessions value from the global authentication session policy. This field is ignored if enableSessions is false.
- `timeout_display_unit` (String) The display unit for session timeout periods in the PingFederate administrative console. When the display unit is HOURS or DAYS, the timeout values in minutes must correspond to a whole number value for the specified unit.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_source`

Required:

- `source_ref` (String) A reference to the authentication source.
- `type` (String) The type of this authentication source.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_authentication_session_policy.example 123
```
