---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_certificates_revocation_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Certificate Revocation Settings.
  -> This resource manages a singleton within PingFederate and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource simply stops tracking changes.
---

# pingfederate_certificates_revocation_settings (Resource)

Manages Certificate Revocation Settings.

-> This resource manages a singleton within PingFederate and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource simply stops tracking changes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_certificates_revocation_settings" "settings" {
  # enabled and default crl configuration
  crl_settings {}
  # ocsp responder with crl failover
  ocsp_settings {
    responder_url            = "http://my.ocspresponder.com"
    action_on_status_unknown = "FAILOVER"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `crl_settings` (Block List) Certificate revocation CRL settings. CRL revocation is enabled by default. It will be disabled if this attribute is not defined in the request body. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--crl_settings))
- `ocsp_settings` (Block List) Certificate revocation OCSP settings. OCSP revocation is disabled by default. It will be enabled if this attribute is defined in the request body. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ocsp_settings))
- `proxy_settings` (Block List) If OCSP messaging is routed through a proxy server, specify the server's host (DNS name or IP address) and the port number. The same proxy information applies to CRL checking, when CRL is enabled for failover. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--proxy_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--crl_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `crl_settings`

Optional:

- `next_retry_mins_when_next_update_in_past` (Number) Next retry on next update expiration in minutes. This value defaults to `60`.
- `next_retry_mins_when_resolve_failed` (Number) Next retry on resolution failure in minutes. This value defaults to `1440`.
- `treat_non_retrievable_crl_as_revoked` (Boolean) Treat non retrievable CRL as revoked. This setting defaults to disabled.
- `verify_crl_signature` (Boolean) Verify CRL signature. This setting defaults to enabled.


<a id="nestedblock--ocsp_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ocsp_settings`

Optional:

- `action_on_responder_unavailable` (String) Action on responder unavailable. This value defaults to `CONTINUE`.
- `action_on_status_unknown` (String) Action on status unknown. This value defaults to `FAIL`.
- `action_on_unsuccessful_response` (String) Action on unsuccessful response. This value defaults to `FAIL`.
- `current_update_grace_period` (Number) Current update grace period in minutes. This value defaults to `5`.
- `next_update_grace_period` (Number) Next update grace period in minutes. This value defaults to `5`.
- `requester_add_nonce` (Boolean) Do not allow responder to use cached responses. This setting defaults to disabled.
- `responder_cert_reference` (Block List, Max: 1) Resource link to OCSP responder signature verification certificate. A previously selected certificate will be deselected if this attribute is not defined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ocsp_settings--responder_cert_reference))
- `responder_timeout` (Number) Responder connection timeout in seconds. This value defaults to `5`.
- `responder_url` (String) Responder URL address. This field is required if OCSP revocation is enabled.
- `response_cache_period` (Number) Response cache period in hours. This value defaults to `48`.

<a id="nestedblock--ocsp_settings--responder_cert_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ocsp_settings.responder_cert_reference`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `location` (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.



<a id="nestedblock--proxy_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy_settings`

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name.
- `port` (Number) Port number.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# singleton resource with fixed id.
terraform import pingfederate_certificates_revocation_settings.settings certificates_revocation_settings
```
