---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_incoming_proxy_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the PingFederate instance Incoming Proxy Settings.
  -> This resource manages a singleton within PingFederate and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource simply stops tracking changes.
---

# pingfederate_incoming_proxy_settings (Resource)

Manages the PingFederate instance Incoming Proxy Settings.

-> This resource manages a singleton within PingFederate and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource simply stops tracking changes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_incoming_proxy_settings" "settings" {
  client_cert_chain_sslheader_name  = "foo"
  client_cert_sslheader_name        = "foo"
  forwarded_host_header_index       = "LAST"
  forwarded_host_header_name        = "X-Forwarded-Host"
  forwarded_ip_address_header_index = "LAST"
  forwarded_ip_address_header_name  = "X-Forwarded-For"
  proxy_terminates_https_conns      = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **client_cert_chain_sslheader_name** (String) While the proxy server is configured to pass client certificates as HTTP request headers, specify the chain header name here.
- **client_cert_sslheader_name** (String) While the proxy server is configured to pass client certificates as HTTP request headers, specify the header name here.
- **forwarded_host_header_index** (String) PingFederate combines multiple comma-separated header values into the same order that they are received. Define which hostname you want to use. Default is to use the last hostname.
- **forwarded_host_header_name** (String) Globally specify the header name (for example, X-Forwarded-Host) where PingFederate should attempt to retrieve the hostname and port in all HTTP requests.
- **forwarded_ip_address_header_index** (String) PingFederate combines multiple comma-separated header values into the same order that they are received. Define which IP address you want to use. Default is to use the last address.
- **forwarded_ip_address_header_name** (String) Globally specify the header name (for example, X-Forwarded-For) where PingFederate should attempt to retrieve the client IP address in all HTTP requests.
- **proxy_terminates_https_conns** (Boolean) Allows you to globally specify that connections to the reverse proxy are made over HTTPS even when HTTP is used between the reverse proxy and PingFederate.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# singleton resource with fixed id.
terraform import pingfederate_incoming_proxy_settings.settings IncomingProxySettings
```
