---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_jdbc_data_store Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for Jdbc Data Stores within PingFederate.
---

# pingfederate_jdbc_data_store (Resource)

Provides configuration for Jdbc Data Stores within PingFederate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_jdbc_data_store" "demo" {
  name           = "terraform"
  driver_class   = "org.hsqldb.jdbcDriver"
  user_name      = "sa"
  password       = ""
  max_pool_size  = 10
  connection_url = "jdbc:hsqldb:mem:mymemdb"
  connection_url_tags {
    connection_url = "jdbc:hsqldb:mem:mymemdb"
    default_source = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **connection_url** (String) The default location of the JDBC database. This field is required if no mapping for JDBC database location and tags are specified.
- **driver_class** (String) The name of the driver class used to communicate with the source database.
- **user_name** (String) The name that identifies the user when connecting to the database.

### Optional

- **allow_multi_value_attributes** (Boolean) Indicates that this data store can select more than one record from a column and return the results as a multi-value attribute.
- **blocking_timeout** (Number) The amount of time in milliseconds a request waits to get a connection from the connection pool before it fails. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the connection pool default.
- **connection_url_tags** (Block Set) The set of connection URLs and associated tags for this JDBC data store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connection_url_tags))
- **data_store_id** (String) The persistent, unique ID for the data store. It can be any combination of [a-zA-Z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
- **encrypted_password** (String) The encrypted password needed to access the database. If you do not want to update the stored value, this attribute should be passed back unchanged.
- **idle_timeout** (Number) The length of time in minutes the connection can be idle in the pool before it is closed. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the connection pool default.
- **mask_attribute_values** (Boolean) Whether attribute values should be masked in the log.
- **max_pool_size** (Number) The largest number of database connections in the connection pool for the given data store. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the connection pool default.
- **min_pool_size** (Number) The smallest number of database connections in the connection pool for the given data store. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the connection pool default.
- **name** (String) The data store name with a unique value across all data sources. Omitting this attribute will set the value to a combination of the connection url and the username.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) The password needed to access the database. GETs will not return this attribute. To update this field, specify the new value in this attribute.
- **validate_connection_sql** (String) A simple SQL statement used by PingFederate at runtime to verify that the database connection is still active and to reconnect if needed.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--connection_url_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_url_tags`

Required:

- **connection_url** (String)

Optional:

- **default_source** (Boolean)
- **tags** (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_jdbc_data_store.example 123
```
