---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_keypair_signing Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for Signing KeyPairs within PingFederate.
---

# pingfederate_keypair_signing (Resource)

Provides configuration for Signing KeyPairs within PingFederate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# importing a keypair using base64 encoded PKCS12 data
resource "pingfederate_keypair_signing" "example_import" {
  file_data = filebase64("provider.p12")
  password  = "password"
}

# generating a keypair
resource "pingfederate_keypair_signing" "example_generate" {
  city                      = "Test"
  common_name               = "Test"
  country                   = "GB"
  key_algorithm             = "RSA"
  key_size                  = 2048
  organization              = "Test"
  organization_unit         = "Test"
  state                     = "Test"
  valid_days                = 365
  subject_alternative_names = ["foo", "bar"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `city` (String) City.
- `common_name` (String) Common name for key pair subject.
- `country` (String) Country.
- `crypto_provider` (String) Cryptographic Provider.  This is only applicable if Hybrid HSM mode is true.
- `file_data` (String) Base64 encoded PKCS12 file data. New line characters should be omitted or encoded in this value.
- `key_algorithm` (String) Key generation algorithm. Supported algorithms are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint.
- `key_size` (Number) Key size, in bits. If this property is unset, the default size for the key algorithm will be used. Supported key sizes are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint.
- `keypair_id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the certificate. It can be any combination of [a-z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
- `organization` (String) Organization.
- `organization_unit` (String) Organization unit.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the PKCS12 file.
- `state` (String) State.
- `subject_alternative_names` (Set of String) The subject alternative names (SAN).
- `valid_days` (Number) Number of days the key pair will be valid for.

### Read-Only

- `expires` (String) The end date up until which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issuer_dn` (String) The issuer's distinguished name.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number assigned by the CA.
- `sha1_fingerprint` (String) SHA-1 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `sha256_fingerprint` (String) SHA-256 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) Signature algorithm. If this property is unset, the default signature algorithm for the key algorithm will be used. Supported signature algorithms are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint.
- `status` (String) Status of the item.
- `subject_dn` (String) The subject's distinguished name.
- `valid_from` (String) The start date from which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `version` (Number) The X.509 version to which the item conforms.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
#This is currently only supported for generated KeyPairs.
terraform import pingfederate_keypair_signing.demo 123
```
