---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_ldap_data_store Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for Ldap Data Stores within PingFederate.
---

# pingfederate_ldap_data_store (Resource)

Provides configuration for Ldap Data Stores within PingFederate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_ldap_data_store" "demo_ldap" {
  name             = "terraform_ldap"
  ldap_type        = "PING_DIRECTORY"
  hostnames        = ["host.docker.internal:1389"]
  bind_anonymously = true
  min_connections  = 1
  max_connections  = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ldap_type` (String) A type that allows PingFederate to configure many provisioning settings automatically. The 'UNBOUNDID_DS' type has been deprecated, please use the 'PING_DIRECTORY' type instead.

### Optional

- `binary_attributes` (Set of String) The list of LDAP attributes to be handled as binary data.
- `bind_anonymously` (Boolean) Whether username and password are required. The default value is false.
- `connection_timeout` (Number) The maximum number of milliseconds that a connection attempt should be allowed to continue before returning an error. A value of -1 causes the pool to wait indefinitely. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the default value.
- `create_if_necessary` (Boolean) Indicates whether temporary connections can be created when the Maximum Connections threshold is reached.
- `data_store_id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the data store. It can be any combination of [a-zA-Z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
- `dns_ttl` (Number) The maximum time in milliseconds that DNS information are cached. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the default value.
- `encrypted_password` (String) The encrypted password credential required to access the data store.  If you do not want to update the stored value, this attribute should be passed back unchanged.
- `follow_ldap_referrals` (Boolean) Follow LDAP Referrals in the domain tree. The default value is false. This property does not apply to PingDirectory as this functionality is configured in PingDirectory.
- `hostnames` (Set of String) The default LDAP host names. This field is required if no mapping for host names and tags are specified.
- `hostnames_tags` (Block List) The set of host names and associated tags for this LDAP data store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--hostnames_tags))
- `ldap_dns_srv_prefix` (String) The prefix value used to discover LDAP DNS SRV record. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the default value.
- `ldaps_dns_srv_prefix` (String) The prefix value used to discover LDAPs DNS SRV record. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the default value.
- `mask_attribute_values` (Boolean) Whether attribute values should be masked in the log.
- `max_connections` (Number) The largest number of active connections that can remain in each pool without releasing extra ones. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the default value.
- `max_wait` (Number) The maximum number of milliseconds the pool waits for a connection to become available when trying to obtain a connection from the pool. Omitting this attribute or setting a value of -1 causes the pool not to wait at all and to either create a new connection or produce an error (when no connections are available).
- `min_connections` (Number) The smallest number of connections that can remain in each pool, without creating extra ones. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the default value.
- `name` (String) The data store name with a unique value across all data sources. Omitting this attribute will set the value to a combination of the hostname(s) and the principal.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password credential required to access the data store. GETs will not return this attribute. To update this field, specify the new value in this attribute.
- `read_timeout` (Number) The maximum number of milliseconds a connection waits for a response to be returned before producing an error. A value of -1 causes the connection to wait indefinitely. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the default value.
- `test_on_borrow` (Boolean) Indicates whether objects are validated before being borrowed from the pool.
- `test_on_return` (Boolean) Indicates whether objects are validated before being returned to the pool.
- `time_between_evictions` (Number) The frequency, in milliseconds, that the evictor cleans up the connections in the pool. A value of -1 disables the evictor. Omitting this attribute will set the value to the default value.
- `use_dns_srv_records` (Boolean) Use DNS SRV Records to discover LDAP server information. The default value is false.
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Connects to the LDAP data store using secure SSL/TLS encryption (LDAPS). The default value is false.
- `user_dn` (String) The username credential required to access the data store.
- `verify_host` (Boolean) Verifies that the presented server certificate includes the address to which the client intended to establish a connection. Omitting this attribute will set the value to true.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--hostnames_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hostnames_tags`

Required:

- `hostnames` (Set of String) The LDAP host names.

Optional:

- `default_source` (Boolean) Whether this is the default connection. Defaults to false if not specified.
- `tags` (String) The LDAP host names.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_ldap_data_store.example 123
```
