---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_metadata_url Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Metadata URL and corresponding Signature Verification Certificate.
---

# pingfederate_metadata_url (Resource)

Metadata URL and corresponding Signature Verification Certificate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_metadata_url" "test" {
  name               = "test"
  url                = "https://sptest.iamshowcase.com/testsp_metadata.xml"
  validate_signature = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for the Metadata URL.
- `url` (String) The Metadata URL.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the Metadata Url. It can be any combination of [a-z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
- `validate_signature` (Boolean) Perform Metadata Signature Validation. The default value is TRUE.
- `x509file` (Attributes) Data of the Signature Verification Certificate for the Metadata URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--x509file))

### Read-Only

- `cert_view` (Attributes) The Signature Verification Certificate details. This property is read-only and is always ignored on a POST or PUT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cert_view))

<a id="nestedatt--x509file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `x509file`

Required:

- `file_data` (String) The certificate data in PEM format. New line characters should be omitted or encoded in this value.

Optional:

- `crypto_provider` (String) Cryptographic Provider. This is only applicable if Hybrid HSM mode is true.
- `id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the certificate. It can be any combination of [a-z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.


<a id="nestedatt--cert_view"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cert_view`

Read-Only:

- `crypto_provider` (String) Cryptographic Provider. This is only applicable if Hybrid HSM mode is true.
- `expires` (String) The end date up until which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the certificate.
- `issuer_dn` (String) The issuer's distinguished name.
- `key_algorithm` (String) The public key algorithm.
- `key_size` (Number) The public key size.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number assigned by the CA.
- `sha1fingerprint` (String) SHA-1 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `sha256fingerprint` (String) SHA-256 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The signature algorithm.
- `status` (String) Status of the item.
- `subject_alternative_names` (List of String) The subject alternative names (SAN).
- `subject_dn` (String) The subject's distinguished name.
- `valid_from` (String) The start date from which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `version` (Number) The X.509 version to which the item conforms.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_metadata_url.example 123
```
