---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_oauth_auth_server_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a OAuth Authorization Server Settings.
  -> This resource manages a singleton within PingFederate and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource simply stops tracking changes.
---

# pingfederate_oauth_auth_server_settings (Resource)

Provides a OAuth Authorization Server Settings.

-> This resource manages a singleton within PingFederate and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource simply stops tracking changes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_oauth_auth_server_settings" "settings" {
  scopes {
    name        = "address"
    description = "address"
  }

  scopes {
    name        = "mail"
    description = "mail"
  }

  scopes {
    name        = "openid"
    description = "openid"
  }

  scopes {
    name        = "phone"
    description = "phone"
  }

  scopes {
    name        = "profile"
    description = "profile"
  }

  scope_groups {
    name        = "group1"
    description = "group1"

    scopes = [
      "address",
      "mail",
      "phone",
      "openid",
      "profile",
    ]
  }

  persistent_grant_contract {
    extended_attributes = ["woot"]
  }

  allowed_origins = ["http://localhost"]

  default_scope_description  = ""
  authorization_code_timeout = 60
  authorization_code_entropy = 30
  refresh_token_length       = 42
  refresh_rolling_interval   = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **authorization_code_entropy** (Number) The authorization code entropy, in bytes.
- **authorization_code_timeout** (Number) The authorization code timeout, in seconds.
- **default_scope_description** (String) The default scope description.
- **refresh_rolling_interval** (Number) The minimum interval to roll refresh tokens, in hours.
- **refresh_token_length** (Number) The refresh token length in number of characters.

### Optional

- **admin_web_service_pcv_ref** (Block List, Max: 1) The password credential validator reference that is used for authenticating access to the OAuth Administrative Web Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--admin_web_service_pcv_ref))
- **allow_unidentified_client_extension_grants** (Boolean) Allow unidentified clients to request extension grants. The default value is false.
- **allow_unidentified_client_ro_creds** (Boolean) Allow unidentified clients to request resource owner password credentials grants. The default value is false.
- **allowed_origins** (Set of String) The list of allowed origins.
- **approved_scope_attribute** (String, Deprecated)
- **approved_scopes_attribute** (String) Attribute from the external consent adapter's contract, intended for storing approved scopes returned by the external consent page.
- **atm_id_for_oauth_grant_management** (String) The ID of the Access Token Manager used for OAuth enabled grant management.
- **bypass_activation_code_confirmation** (Boolean) Indicates if the Activation Code Confirmation page should be bypassed if 'verification_url_complete' is used by the end user to authorize a device.
- **bypass_authorization_for_approved_grants** (Boolean) Bypass authorization for previously approved persistent grants. The default value is false.
- **device_polling_interval** (Number) The amount of time client should wait between polling requests, in seconds.
- **exclusive_scope_groups** (Block Set) The list of exclusive scope groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--exclusive_scope_groups))
- **exclusive_scopes** (Block Set) The list of exclusive scopes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--exclusive_scopes))
- **par_reference_length** (Number) The entropy of pushed authorization request references, in bytes. The default value is 24.
- **par_reference_timeout** (Number) The timeout, in seconds, of the pushed authorization request reference. The default value is 60.
- **par_status** (String) The status of pushed authorization request support. The default value is ENABLED.
- **pending_authorization_timeout** (Number) The 'device_code' and 'user_code' timeout, in seconds.
- **persistent_grant_contract** (Block Set, Max: 1) The persistent grant contract defines attributes that are associated with OAuth persistent grants. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--persistent_grant_contract))
- **persistent_grant_idle_timeout** (Number) The persistent grant idle timeout. The default value is 30 (days). -1 indicates an indefinite amount of time.
- **persistent_grant_idle_timeout_time_unit** (String) The persistent grant idle timeout time unit.
- **persistent_grant_lifetime** (Number) The persistent grant lifetime. The default value is indefinite. -1 indicates an indefinite amount of time.
- **persistent_grant_lifetime_unit** (String) The persistent grant lifetime unit.
- **persistent_grant_reuse_grant_types** (Set of String) The grant types that the OAuth AS can reuse rather than creating a new grant for each request.
- **registered_authorization_path** (String) The Registered Authorization Path is concatenated to PingFederate base URL to generate 'verification_url' and 'verification_url_complete' values in a Device Authorization request. PingFederate listens to this path if specified
- **roll_refresh_token_values** (Boolean) The roll refresh token values default policy. The default value is true.
- **scope_for_oauth_grant_management** (String) The OAuth scope to validate when accessing grant management service.
- **scope_groups** (Block Set) The list of common scope groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope_groups))
- **scopes** (Block Set) The list of common scopes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scopes))
- **token_endpoint_base_url** (String) The token endpoint base URL used to validate the 'aud' claim during Private Key JWT Client Authentication.
- **track_user_sessions_for_logout** (Boolean) Determines whether user sessions are tracked for logout. If this property is not provided on a PUT, the setting is left unchanged.
- **user_authorization_consent_adapter** (String) Adapter ID of the external consent adapter to be used for the consent page user interface.
- **user_authorization_consent_page_setting** (String) User Authorization Consent Page setting to use PingFederate's internal consent page or an external system
- **user_authorization_url** (String) The URL used to generate 'verification_url' and 'verification_url_complete' values in a Device Authorization request

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--admin_web_service_pcv_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_web_service_pcv_ref`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- **location** (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.


<a id="nestedblock--exclusive_scope_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclusive_scope_groups`

Required:

- **description** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **scopes** (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--exclusive_scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclusive_scopes`

Required:

- **description** (String)
- **name** (String)

Optional:

- **dynamic** (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--persistent_grant_contract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent_grant_contract`

Optional:

- **extended_attributes** (List of String)

Read-Only:

- **core_attributes** (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--scope_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_groups`

Required:

- **description** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **scopes** (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scopes`

Required:

- **description** (String)
- **name** (String)

Optional:

- **dynamic** (Boolean)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# singleton resource with fixed id.
terraform import pingfederate_oauth_auth_server_settings.settings OauthAuthServerSettings
```
