---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_oauth_access_token_manager Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for OAuth Access Token Managers within PingFederate.
---

# pingfederate_oauth_access_token_manager (Resource)

Provides configuration for OAuth Access Token Managers within PingFederate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_oauth_access_token_manager" "example" {
  instance_id = "example"
  name        = "example"
  plugin_descriptor_ref {
    id = "org.sourceid.oauth20.token.plugin.impl.ReferenceBearerAccessTokenManagementPlugin"
  }
  configuration {
    fields {
      name  = "Token Length"
      value = "28"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Token Lifetime"
      value = "120"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Lifetime Extension Policy"
      value = "ALL"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Maximum Token Lifetime"
      value = ""
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Lifetime Extension Threshold Percentage"
      value = "30"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Mode for Synchronous RPC"
      value = "3"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "RPC Timeout"
      value = "500"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Expand Scope Groups"
      value = "false"
    }
  }

  attribute_contract {
    extended_attributes = ["sub"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **attribute_contract** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The list of attributes that will be added to an access token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attribute_contract))
- **configuration** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Plugin instance configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration))
- **name** (String) The plugin instance name. The name cannot be modified once the instance is created.
Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override.
- **plugin_descriptor_ref** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Reference to the plugin descriptor for this instance. The plugin descriptor cannot be modified once the instance is created.
Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--plugin_descriptor_ref))

### Optional

- **access_control_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Settings which determine which clients may access this token manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_control_settings))
- **instance_id** (String) The ID of the plugin instance. The ID cannot be modified once the instance is created.
Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override.
- **parent_ref** (Block List, Max: 1) The reference to this plugin's parent instance. The parent reference is only accepted if the plugin type supports parent instances.
Note: This parent reference is required if this plugin instance is used as an overriding plugin (e.g. connection adapter overrides) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parent_ref))
- **selection_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Settings which determine how this token manager can be selected for use by an OAuth request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--selection_settings))
- **session_validation_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Settings which determine how the user session is associated with the access token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--session_validation_settings))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--attribute_contract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_contract`

Optional:

- **extended_attributes** (Set of String) A list of additional token attributes that are associated with this access token management plugin instance.

Read-Only:

- **core_attributes** (List of String) A list of core token attributes that are associated with the access token management plugin type. This field is read-only and is ignored on POST/PUT.


<a id="nestedblock--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- **fields** (Block Set) List of configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--fields))
- **sensitive_fields** (Block Set) List of sensitive configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--sensitive_fields))
- **tables** (Block List) List of configuration tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--tables))

<a id="nestedblock--configuration--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.fields`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the configuration field.

Optional:

- **inherited** (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- **value** (String) The value for the configuration field.


<a id="nestedblock--configuration--sensitive_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.sensitive_fields`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the configuration field.

Optional:

- **inherited** (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- **value** (String, Sensitive) The value for the configuration field. For encrypted or hashed fields, GETs will not return this attribute. To update an encrypted or hashed field, specify the new value in this attribute.


<a id="nestedblock--configuration--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the table.

Optional:

- **inherited** (Boolean) Whether this table is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the rows become read-only. The default value is false.
- **rows** (Block List) List of table rows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows))

<a id="nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows`

Optional:

- **default_row** (Boolean) Whether this row is the default.
- **fields** (Block Set) List of configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows--fields))
- **sensitive_fields** (Block Set) List of sensitive configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows--sensitive_fields))

<a id="nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows.fields`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the configuration field.

Optional:

- **inherited** (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- **value** (String) The value for the configuration field.


<a id="nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows--sensitive_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows.sensitive_fields`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the configuration field.

Optional:

- **inherited** (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- **value** (String, Sensitive) The value for the configuration field. For encrypted or hashed fields, GETs will not return this attribute. To update an encrypted or hashed field, specify the new value in this attribute.





<a id="nestedblock--plugin_descriptor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plugin_descriptor_ref`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- **location** (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.


<a id="nestedblock--access_control_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_settings`

Optional:

- **allowed_clients** (List of String) If 'restrictClients' is true, this field defines the list of OAuth clients that are allowed to access the token manager.
- **inherited** (Boolean) If this token manager has a parent, this flag determines whether access control settings are inherited from the parent. When set to true, the other fields in this model become read-only. The default value is false.
- **restrict_clients** (Boolean) Determines whether access to this token manager is restricted to specific OAuth clients. If false, the 'allowedClients' field is ignored. The default value is false.


<a id="nestedblock--parent_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent_ref`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- **location** (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.


<a id="nestedblock--selection_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selection_settings`

Optional:

- **inherited** (Boolean) If this token manager has a parent, this flag determines whether selection settings, such as resource URI's, are inherited from the parent. When set to true, the other fields in this model become read-only. The default value is false.
- **resource_uris** (List of String) The list of base resource URI's which map to this token manager. A resource URI, specified via the 'aud' parameter, can be used to select a specific token manager for an OAuth request.


<a id="nestedblock--session_validation_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_validation_settings`

Optional:

- **check_session_revocation_status** (Boolean) Check the session revocation status when validating the access token.
- **check_valid_authn_session** (Boolean) Check for a valid authentication session when validating the access token.
- **include_session_id** (Boolean) Include the session identifier in the access token. Note that if any of the session validation features is enabled, the session identifier will already be included in the access tokens.
- **inherited** (Boolean) If this token manager has a parent, this flag determines whether session validation settings, such as checkValidAuthnSession, are inherited from the parent. When set to true, the other fields in this model become read-only. The default value is false.
- **update_authn_session_activity** (Boolean) Update authentication session activity when validating the access token.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_oauth_access_token_manager.example 123
```
