---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_pingone_connection Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for PingOne Connections within PingFederate.
---

# pingfederate_pingone_connection (Resource)

Provides configuration for PingOne Connections within PingFederate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_pingone_connection" "example" {
  name       = "example"
  active     = true
  credential = "secret"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the PingOne connection.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether or not this connection is active. Defaults to true.
- `credential` (String) The credential for the PingOne connection. To update the credential, specify the plaintext value of the credential in this field. This field will not be populated for GET requests.
- `description` (String) A description for the PingOne connection.
- `encrypted_credential` (String) The encrypted credential for the PingOne connection. For POST and PUT requests, if you wish to keep the existing credential, this field should be passed back unchanged.

### Read-Only

- `creation_date` (String) The creation date of the PingOne connection. This field is read only.
- `credential_id` (String) The ID of the PingOne credential. This field is read only.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment of the PingOne credential. This field is read only.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization associated with this PingOne connection. This field is read only.
- `ping_one_authentication_api_endpoint` (String) The PingOne authentication API endpoint. This field is read only.
- `ping_one_connection_id` (String) The ID of the PingOne connection. This field is read only.
- `ping_one_management_api_endpoint` (String) The PingOne management API endpoint. This field is read only.
- `region` (String) The region of the PingOne connection. This field is read only.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_pingone_connection.example 123
```
