---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_sp_adapter Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for SP Adapters within PingFederate.
---

# pingfederate_sp_adapter (Resource)

Provides configuration for SP Adapters within PingFederate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_sp_adapter" "example" {
  name          = "example"
  sp_adapter_id = "example"
  plugin_descriptor_ref {
    id = "com.pingidentity.adapters.opentoken.SpAuthnAdapter"
  }

  configuration {
    fields {
      name  = "SameSite Cookie"
      value = "3"
    }
    sensitive_fields {
      name  = "Password"
      value = "Secret123"
    }
    sensitive_fields {
      name  = "Confirm Password"
      value = "Secret123"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Account Link Service"
      value = ""
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Authentication Service"
      value = ""
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Cipher Suite"
      value = "2"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Cookie Domain"
      value = ""
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Cookie Path"
      value = "/"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Force SunJCE Provider"
      value = "false"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "HTTP Only Flag"
      value = "true"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Logout Service"
      value = ""
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Not Before Tolerance"
      value = "0"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Obfuscate Password"
      value = "true"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Secure Cookie"
      value = "false"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Send Extended Attributes"
      value = ""
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Send Subject as Query Parameter"
      value = "false"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Session Cookie"
      value = "false"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Session Lifetime"
      value = "43200"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Skip Trimming of Trailing Backslashes"
      value = "false"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Subject Query Parameter                 "
      value = ""
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Token Lifetime"
      value = "300"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Token Name"
      value = "opentoken"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Transport Mode"
      value = "2"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "URL Encode Cookie Values"
      value = "true"
    }
    fields {
      name  = "Use Verbose Error Messages"
      value = "false"
    }
  }

  target_application_info {
    application_name     = "foo"
    application_icon_url = "https://foo"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Plugin instance configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration))
- `name` (String) The plugin instance name. The name cannot be modified once the instance is created.
Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override.
- `plugin_descriptor_ref` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Reference to the plugin descriptor for this instance. The plugin descriptor cannot be modified once the instance is created.
Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--plugin_descriptor_ref))
- `sp_adapter_id` (String) The ID of the plugin instance. The ID cannot be modified once the instance is created. Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override.

### Optional

- `attribute_contract` (Block List, Max: 1) The list of attributes that the SP adapter provides. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attribute_contract))
- `parent_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The reference to this plugin's parent instance. The parent reference is only accepted if the plugin type supports parent instances.
Note: This parent reference is required if this plugin instance is used as an overriding plugin (e.g. connection adapter overrides) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parent_ref))
- `target_application_info` (Block List, Max: 1) The target application's name and icon URL (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target_application_info))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `fields` (Block Set) List of configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--fields))
- `sensitive_fields` (Block Set) List of sensitive configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--sensitive_fields))
- `tables` (Block List) List of configuration tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--tables))

<a id="nestedblock--configuration--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the configuration field.

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- `value` (String) The value for the configuration field.


<a id="nestedblock--configuration--sensitive_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.sensitive_fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the configuration field.

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value for the configuration field. For encrypted or hashed fields, GETs will not return this attribute. To update an encrypted or hashed field, specify the new value in this attribute.


<a id="nestedblock--configuration--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the table.

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this table is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the rows become read-only. The default value is false.
- `rows` (Block List) List of table rows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows))

<a id="nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows`

Optional:

- `default_row` (Boolean) Whether this row is the default.
- `fields` (Block Set) List of configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows--fields))
- `sensitive_fields` (Block Set) List of sensitive configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows--sensitive_fields))

<a id="nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows.fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the configuration field.

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- `value` (String) The value for the configuration field.


<a id="nestedblock--configuration--tables--rows--sensitive_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows.sensitive_fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the configuration field.

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value for the configuration field. For encrypted or hashed fields, GETs will not return this attribute. To update an encrypted or hashed field, specify the new value in this attribute.





<a id="nestedblock--plugin_descriptor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plugin_descriptor_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `location` (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.


<a id="nestedblock--attribute_contract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_contract`

Optional:

- `extended_attributes` (Set of String) A list of additional attributes that can be returned by the SP adapter. The extended attributes are only used if the adapter supports them.
- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this attribute contract is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the rest of the properties in this model become read-only. The default value is false.

Read-Only:

- `core_attributes` (Set of String) A list of read-only attributes that are automatically populated by the SP adapter descriptor.


<a id="nestedblock--parent_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `location` (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.


<a id="nestedblock--target_application_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_application_info`

Optional:

- `application_icon_url` (String) The application icon URL.
- `application_name` (String) The application name.
- `inherited` (Boolean) Specifies Whether target application information is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the rest of the properties in this model become read-only. The default value is false.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_sp_adapter.example 123
```
